Add Lychee docs (#939)
all-contributors/all-contributors.github.io: src/content/docs/project/contribute.mdx

`markdownlint --fix "src/content/docs/contribute.md"`

### Checking links

> When modifying links and cross-references, there are scripts to help ensure that these have a valid target.
> [Lychee](https://lychee.cli.rs/introduction/) is called by these scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [Lychee](https://lychee.cli.rs/introduction/) to check links in our documentation. We have created scripts that you can use to check links across the site after it is build to ensure that any changes that you have made, have a valid link target.
```

There are a number of options to [install Lychee](https://lychee.cli.rs/installation/), including package managers, builds available on GitHub, and building from source using Cargo.

To check internal links, for example between pages or references to images, run:

```console
npm run link-check-offline
```

> This is the same test that is run in CI and it should pass before contributions are merged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the same test that is run in CI and it should pass before your contributions are merged.
```

You can also check all links, including links to external resources like other websites:

```console
npm run link-check
```

> <Aside type="caution">Checking online resources is likely to result in false positives. Some sites may reject requests if they don't appear to be from a browser, or you may be rate limited.</Aside>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Aside type="caution">Checking links to online resources will often result in false positives, meaning that some links that work online might appear to be broken. Some sites may reject requests if they don't appear to be from a browser, or you may be rate-limited. It's good practice to check each link that Lychee flags as broken before you try to update it.</Aside>
```
